Update cloud-data-export.rst (#5410)
mattermost/docs: source/manage/cloud-data-export.rst

Once mmctl is installed, we can generate the export from the source instance.

AWS Region
----------

> Currently, Mattermost Cloud data resides in the aws-us-east-1 region. Please contact feedback-cloud[at]mattermost.com to share feedback about additional data residencies with the product team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, Mattermost Cloud data resides in the `aws-us-east-1` region, located in Virginia, United States. Please contact the product team via feedback-cloud[at]mattermost.com if you have additional data residency requirements.
```
